OK so we're at the end of this section.
And as always it's your turn to put it into practice as you can see these giant letters.
So we've got a couple of problems here that cover basically everything we talked about not everything
but all the big things we talked about in this section all about data types.
So strings text data types numeric data types and then date time information and ways of working with
those dates with some of the more common date functions.
So there's a couple of exercises here.
Some of them involve writing code.
Some of them are fill in the blanks.
Some of them are just I don't know what you would call this free response like this one here.
So let's get started.
And then in the next video we'll have a solution.
So this one was a good use case for char or chair or not chair chair or car that data type.
So when would you use that instead of or in lieu of Vardar.
So you can use one of the things that we talked about or come up with your own.
You don't have to write it down.
Just come up with something.
Next up fill in the blanks here.
So we've got a table that I'm creating called inventory or inventories or whatever some sort of something
that we're storing books or toys.
We've got an item name.
What data type should that be.
There's not necessarily one only one workable answer but there's one better answer price.
So what data types should price be and not just the type of not just the name of the data type but what
are you going to put in those parentheses.
And as a note all of our prices are less than $1 billion.
Not equal to $1 million just to be clear.
There are less than 1 million.
So how would we represent that with our data type and then quantity that number as well what data type
makes the most sense there.
Okay.
Then moving on.
What's the difference between Date Time and time stamp.
There's not just one difference but when would you use one versus the other.
How are they different.
This is we talked about it we've looked at the documentation for both of them.
So hopefully it's not too hard.
Next up in cloud 9 print out the current time using my as well.
So just the time then the next question is to print out the current date but not the time.
So just the date and then once you've done that print out the current day of the week the number of
the day of the week so if it's a what is it a Saturday it should be 7.
If it's a Friday 6 and so on.
So just print that out and then do the same thing print of the current day the week.
But this time it should be the name of the day that week like Monday or Tuesday.
So the English name of the day of the week for today the current whenever you're running this print
out the day the week.
Next up.
Print out the current day and time using this format so to month or month month slash day day slash
4 digits for the year.
And then once you've done that we have another one print out the current day and time using this format
which I wasn't sure how to actually boil this down to a nice little formula like we have here.
So I just gave you two examples.
So we have the full month name.
January or April.
Then we have this which there's a name for it.
I think it's Anglicized it Anglicize digits or something.
It's in the documentation so we didn't cover that.
You'll have to dig around to figure out how you format it this way.
But with the day of the month like two or one.
But instead of just the number we want this Anglicized version.
So second first third tent and so on.
And then at and then the time and for the time we just want our call and.
After you've done that we have one final thing create a tweet table and the tweets table should store
the content of a tweet.
So that's going to be text and I believe what is it 140 characters.
And then a user name and we don't need a character limit for that.
Or I don't know let's say 20 characters but that's not that important.
And then we also want to store the time that tweet was created.
When you've done that pat yourself on the back.